The camera begins looking down the road.  We look across the parking lot and see the mexican worker on the ladder painting. We pan down and focus on NAME1 sleeping in the lazy boy.  and NAME1 lounges in a broken arm chair, slowly spinning and sleeping in the sunshine.  areal shot, slowly zooming in and twirling above him, as he twirls in the opposite direction.  His day dream voice over begins.
Camera pans down and pulls back to show part of the porch.  The first character we see is a random kid playing with NAME1's toy.  the second will be someone inside at the drum set.  He starts playing once the camera gets to him.
Camera pans to the left to reveal a bass player on the porch, who begins as he comes into view.  NAME1 gets up and runs inside as the drum and bass find it.  NAME1 disappears for half a second, and than runs back out with a guitar and jumps from the porch to the chair. He joins in on rhythm.
(trails off as if he was gonna say something more)
The Camera will have NAME2 enter the shot, fairly unnoticed, framing the bottom left corner playing with the toy.   NAME1 will be on the chair in the bottom right corner.
Title comes up, scrawled across the wall below the window.
This will become the focus as quick credits roll.
After a quick scroll, it will pan back out, keeping the toy and the left shoulder/head of NAME2 he will approach NAME1.
NAME1 will than accept the toy, and begin twirling it.  The camera will do some sort of slow panning or zooming.  Most likely random. It’ll zoom in on the wood grain, and start twirling or something.  It will twirl into a twirling paint smear fade, and than untwirl into the next scene.
NAME3 IS SAD.  SEE NAME3 SAD.
NAME3 sits on a bench by the water.  This sequence is in black and white or sepia.  It's choppy and disconnected, strobe effect.  NAME3 will begin a voice over about how he's sad.
(Shakespearean sorrow)
(suddenly appearing out of nowhere, standing right behind NAME3, playing with his toy.)
NAME3 stands up and they wander off, as the camera pans up and gets a view of the bay.
(NAME1 gives a strange grin)
Scene opens with NAME2 and NAME4 on the porch.  10 seconds of silence and stillness as NAME4 lounges and slowly spins in the lazy boy.  After 10 seconds of silence and slow lounging...
(his comment is met with silence.  After a short pause waiting for a response, NAME4 continues)
(more silence)
(he begins an ironic clap which is interrupted by NAME3 and NAME1 approaching)
(to NAME2)
(to NAME2)
They’ll walk past him up the porch and into the house.  They may barrage NAME2 with meaningless jibberish.  NAME3 will stay outside talking to NAME2.  The camera will follow NAME1 as he goes inside to see NAME4 at the computer with a stop watch…
NAME4 will glance over, distracted, and begin jabbering about his theory…  As he goes on, the camera will slowly move until it’s facing the West wall.
(tense and intense but not excited, watching a Monty Python sketch, holding a stop watch)
(glancing over, barely acknowledging the fact that NAME1 doesn’t care)
(Sound of door closing)
NAME4 trails off and glances up as the back door closes, and NAME1 is gone.  He is obviously not bothered, and goes back to his project.  The camera pans around behind him as Monty Python tells a punchline, (distract a cat?)  and he looks down at the stop watch, and yells out…
The camera will begin moving towards the window.  The conversation between NAME3 and NAME2 will start to be audible.  The camera will go through the window to return outside to the conversation.
(distracted)
NAME2 will wander past NAME4 through the back door.  He’ll take a left and approach the large door, begin opening it and peek inside, but he’ll close it again before the camera gets a chance to see inside.
The camera will follow NAME2 as he turns to the right and surveys his options.  He's got three doors in front of him.  the camera will pan across all three very slowly and settle onto the center door.  NAME2 will approach it, hold his hand out, and be about to grip the handle,  (camera angle will be such that the handle and his hand are in the immidiate foreground with the background fuzzed out.  In the background is door number three)(suddenly there's the sound of soft singing coming from door 3.  The camera focus will change, bringing door 3 into perspective, making the hand and handle fuzzy.  NAME2 will approach door 3, and cautiously open it.  The singing will get louder.  Song to be determined at a later date.  The camera will drop down low and follow NAME2, pointing upwards to get him sillhouetted strangely.  The camera will have him fill the screen at first, but will drop back quickly and glance to the right down the boiler room hallway before panning back to NAME2, looking into the Boiler Room.  Try to get his head strangely lit without getting his face.
THIS SCENE WILL Begin the tour of the crackhouse.  NAME1 will take NAME2 down the hallway.  He will take him all the way down to the end, flicking on one light switch at a time, telling a long strange tale about how in the 1800s it was a church, and in the 1920s it was a speakeasie, and in the 1960s it was a hotel and in the 1970s it was a hor-house, and  and in the 1990s it was a frat.   At the very end of the hallway, where it ends, NAME1 will tell his first story:
(short pause as NAME1 drops a sandwich crust down a tube portruding from the floor.)
We will hear NAME3 primal screaming through one of the walls.
(muffled)
(NAME1 grabs NAME2 by the sleeve and runs down the hallway away from the camera, switching off each light as he passes it, until they get to the door, and get outside, and the camera pulls back and pans around to watch NAME1 looking at the door to the apartament, now realizing that it's NAME3.)
NAME4 watching monty python, NAME3 making suggestions.
hey will be just finishing their first skit.  They will share their results, and NAME3 will suggest another episode.  it begins, but is interrupted when NAME3 gets a phone call from a restricted number.  It will be his parents.
NAME3's Mom and Dad call him up on speaker phone to wish him a happy birthday.  But when they hit speakerphone, they accidentally hit mute.  The whole family is gathered around to sing to him, but he can't hear them.  "NAME3?  Can you hear us?"

  NAME3 is on the other end, saying "Hello?  I can't hear anything.  Is this my stalker?  I can't hear you breathing this time.  What's the matter?  Are you sad?  I'm sad.  You wanna know why?"



 NAME1 looks over confused.  The parents have been listening, half entertained, not quite looking for the unmute button yet.  They wanna hear his soliloquy.  They don't understand what he's talking about.  NAME3's little brothers and sisters will be looking up at the speakerphone entranced.



     NAME3 will continue...
     NAME1 will be looking over, happy and fascinated.  The parents will be on the other line, frantically scrambling to unhook the machine. The kids will be looking up fascinated.  The camera will focus with NAME1 on a book on the floor entitled : Primal Scream Therapy
     NAME3 will continue his rage, and the dad will finally grab the machine and throw it out the window.  It will dangle from the window, emitting foul epitaths to the streets below.  back in the room, NAME3 will suddenly stop and hang up.  NAME1 will congratulate him on a successful primal scream purge, and they will go back to their activity.
     Camera begins perched on fence looking down road.

     NAME3 enters shot, walking towards Ground Floor. As NAME3 enters, the camera pans down, we see NAME4 and NAME1 at table doing an interview. Their voices become heard.

     Camera moves to a position where we see NAME1 and NAME4 with NAME3 entering the livingroom in the background.
(taking off his flannel and throwing it frustratedly onto the ground)
(obviously annoyed)
(interested)
(NAME3 has already begun walking away)
(Yelling after NAME3)
(Back to NAME4)
(Begins to space out. Camera follows his gaze. Red breasted robin)
(He picks up flannel and wrings it out as best he can and walks inside to NAME3 and gives him the flannel. Bob Ross plays in the background)
(slightly interested)
(NAME1 enters)
(NAME1’s face becomes very blank.  He slowly leaves the room.  The camera follows him and he goes to NAME3’s closet.  He closes the door behind him, and begins speaking into a camera that he has set up)
(just barely echoing Bill Shatner)
(NAME1 opens the door, and NAME3 and NAME4 are standing there.)
(NAME3 walks over to closet, doesn’t even close the door. Just picks up the camera on his floor and screams at and into it. He develops a stream of consciousness bit about how he screams because he can’t talk or some shit. He wails because he can’t find the words)
(sudden realization, holding up book)
     
