"NAME3?  Can you hear us?"
"Hello?  I can't hear anything.  Is this my stalker?  I can't hear you breathing this time.  What's the matter?  Are you sad?  I'm sad.  You wanna know why?"
"I'm sad because...      Because there's a big fuckin hole in my brain where faith used to be and there's a dark spot where I find my solace, and the truth is you're just another empty fuckin whisper of a meaningless connection to no one!!  Just another dead fuckin phone call to the godless raging pitiful spit foam death gaaaa!!!!!!!"
"NAME3!  NAME3!  NAME3!  NAME3!  NAME3!"  and NAME3 finally stops, and says, "Dad?  Is that you?"  and his dad says, "Happy Birthday Son."  and the rest of the family gives a weak cheer. NAME3 hangs up, and looks over at NAME1, who looks confused.  "That was my whole family."  He says.  and NAME1 says, "That's why you never do a primal scream purge to a restricted call!  Dammit, I've warned you about this."  And NAME3 will shake his head.  "They were gonna sing me happy birthday."  NAME1 will look over.  "It's your birthday?  You gonna have a party?"
"I don't get it."  and NAME3 will be slumped against the desk, tired out from moving the rug and the furniture, and he'll say "What is there to get?  It's a rug."  They'll both glance at him, and than decide to ignore him.  "I got a minute fifteen.  What did you get?"  "I got a minute twenty five."
"It's not a pyramid scheme!"  He'll say, and bring out his diagram.  "Yeah, that's because you drew it sideways."
"Every time I read the bible, I hear James Earl Jones's voice in my head.  Is that normal?"
"That's abuse, isn't it?" and "I just got out of a long term relationship."
"NAME3 broke a window with his hand!"  Jake shouted excitedly.  "He's bleeding!"
"He didn't break a window with his hand."  I corrected NAME3, "He punched a window.  you make it sound...  Oh, gnarly!"
"I'm wounded!"
"Good lord."  I said.  I shook my head.  "Shall we motivate?"
"Woah!"
"There's a robber."
"Happy Birthday."
"Would you like to come in for a minute?"
"squish"
"You wanna get brunch?"
"Brunch."
"This is what you want to hear."
"We got brunch!"
"He he.  Fag."
"What?"
"Nothing.  I was talking about something else.  Never mind."
"I took her out to breakfast."
"What did you expect?  Were you hoping to cook her soggy waffles in the morning?"
"I expected her to be gone!  We woke up under a tarp.  And she stayed.  And we got brunch."
"Ha ha.  Fag."
"What?"
"Nothing.  Never mind.  I was talking about something else.  She did seem pretty thrilled when you pulled the fire alarm last night.  I was tempted to offer her some valium to calm her down."
"Isn't it a great laugh, though?"
"Wait, you mean, you're glad that she stayed?"
"I never said that.  Why are my eyes burning?  What you fryin up in there?"
"Well, that pound of ground beef we had went bad, so I'm deepfrying patties in hot sauce.  That will make it safe to eat, and they'll be too spicy to tell that the meat is bad.  The hot sauce fumes are probably making your eyes burn."
"Hey NAME4, NAME3 and Ruthie got brunch!"
"What?"
"Nothing.  Forget about it.  I was talking about something else."
"You know what's worse?"
"What?"
"He enjoyed it!"  NAME1 will yell.  "The faggot enjoyed it!"
"What?"
"What a fag!"
"What the hell is wrong with you guys?"
"Nothing.  Never Mind.  We were talking about something else."
"Oh Oh Oh"  and Whoo..."
"You slept under a tarp?"
"  He'll break off, unsure as to why it sounds so mechanical.  "Um, hey NAME4, I don't know if you realize this, but..."  NAME4 will smile in a mocking way and shake his head.  "Yes Dear?"
"NAME4, we're fucking the NAME3e chick."
"So...  are you saying one of us should stop?"
"No, I don't think so.  I don't know."
"That's pretty gross."
"Yeah."
"NAME1 ate four of his hot sauce fried hamburgers, and apparantly they're just as spicy on the way out."
"anything helps"  "will work for food."
"Hey buddy, you want a job?"
"Yeah, sure."
"I don't think it's gonna go."
"Just like our lives"
"Toss me a stogie!"
"I met Satan.  Nice guy.  WEll dressed, good manners.  You gotta watch him though."
"Susan, are you trying to play footsies with me?  You realize i can't feel my legs, right?"
"This knowledge is not ready for human consumption."
"I try.  I fucking try."
"Sarah?  Sarah?  Sarah?"
"I'm right here, NAME4."
"You said you'd come back to the loans desk when you were done in the bathroom.  I fell asleep.  I got worried."
"Oh, NAME4, what's wrong with you?  I got tired of your chittering.  You need to calm down.  It's all right.  The lights went out, and the streets are a mess, but it's just heavy weather in the hills.  No one's gonna disappear or get hurt.  We're fine.  We're just stuck in a bank."
"Sarah? NAME4?  I'm Alan."
"Uh, nice to meet you, Alan."
"Nice to meet you to."
"So what are we gonna do, Sarah?"
"Well, NAME4, first we're gonna set the place on fire to signal an airplane to save us.  Than, in the light of the inferno, we'll be able to see who here is the fattest.  We will roast the fattest person, and feast like kings until the plane gets here and saves us."
"Oh, I'm sorry!" Sarah immediately realized her faux paw.  "I didn't realize there might be fat people here.  We're not gonna eat you.  I'm sorry."  There was a resigned snort in response.  Sarah wasn't satisfied, so she added "And you're not fat."
"Lady, do you like the taste of your foot?  Will you just stop please?  Threatening to eat me was enough.  Pummeling me to death with quick talk is just wretched.  Please, leave me to stew in my cellulite."
"NAME4!"
"NAME4, you need to calm the fuck down.  You want me to hang out here with you or not?"
"Well, it's not like you're making friends with the rest of these temporary refugees.  I'm the only one you got left."
"Don't listen to him, Sarah.  I like your spirit."
"Thanks Alan."
"NAME4."
"What?  What's 'a matter?"
"Nothing's the matter NAME4.  Just come with me."
"Don't be goin outside now, that aint safe yet."
"Wait, no!"  He whispered desperately, trying to keep Sarah's hands from him.  "Sarah, what is wrong with...  oh, alright, but be quiet."
"No Humping!!"
"No Humping!  Stop Humping!!"
"Stop Humping!  Stop it now!"
"NAME4, you look so... Oh, god, NAME4!  You are priceless..."
"Good!!  God!!  Man!!  What goes On?"  And you'll look up strangely, unsure how you feel about that whole thing that just happened just now.  You might giggle, before poking the stranger and saying something like "
"Dowd's the name.  Elwood P."
"I've decided to swear off swearing things off."
"That doesn't make any sense.  You just broke your own rule by making it."
"To the Untrained I.  To the untrained.  Aye."
"Does that mean all your previous swearings off are now officially moot?"
"Moot."
"So you do drugs again."
"I suppose."
"So, you wanna chase down some nasty ballerina?"
"I don't desire the wild dancer tonight.  If I did, however, it would be completely permissable.  In fact, if I did some tonight and than swore it off, that would also be permissable."
"How so?  You just swore off swearing off."
"Yes, but by swearing it off, I invalidated it just enough to duplicate it and repeat it and ad nauseum ad infinitum."
"You lost me with the Latin, at the end there."
"Noli, illigitimi, carborundum."
"That's not what you said.  That means 'don't let the bastards drag you down.'"
"The latin was just flowery frills.  Book ends to my concept.  Meaningless.  especially considering the morbidity of speaking dead."
"dead?"
"dead.  I have often considered those who learn Latin and or ancient greek to be linguistic necropheliacs."
"Fascinating."
"Isn't it?  But it's dead knowledge.  I am interested in living knowledge.  And knowledge thrives around us, beneath our feet it grows, like grass.  And if we remain still, we kill the knowledge beneath us.  The knowledge we could be developing and tending.  But what's this about Mexico?"
"I didn't say anything about Mexico."
"No.  You've never mentioned Mexico.  There's something wrong with that.  Mexico is the commencement ceremony.  It's the first step in the chase scene of life.  The life of movement and knowledge."
"What do you mean?"
"Everyone has a Mexico story.  You seem to lack one.  This shows a fear of experience.  And what is existence if it's not experience?  Not much.  Life is a series of rites.  A series of passages.  This is both.  It's a rite of passage.  You know, all the cliche bastards call it a vision quest.  I call it a peek."
"A peek?"
"Yeah.  Like a mountain top.  Where you're simultaneously isolated and exposed.  To each extremity.  You get a peek into the Whatever Else.  These soft skinned city kids don't know much about it.  But you're a swarthy young lad.  You understand the necessity of absurdity."
"Absurdity?  But you were talking about Mexico."
"Yes.  Mexico.  The Absurd.  When you get to Mexico, lay in the sun.  Drink Railroad Gin, and lay in the sun.  On the way down to Mexico, eat nothing.  Follow the Irish liquid diet tradition of the cheap domestic variety.  When you get to the edge of the country, break out the Railroad Gin.  Drink it quickly, and find a spot in the desert.  Don't find a spot first.  The most important part of the whole experience is the search for shelter.  You'll see.  Go alone.  Don't bring a journal.  If you try to record it, you'll fall short.  And you'll become obsessed with capturing it. With owning it.  But it's a moment.  It's a creature.  It's you.  Creature.  You're going to see something that lives on your movements.  On your decisions.  You're going to brush against the mirror, and the strange face will not be the one you remember as yours.  And once the image is gone, you'll forget it.  And you're supposed to.  If you hold that vision...            oh, god.  Don't hold that vision.  Let it slide past.  Acknowledge it.  Move on."
"Wait, are you serious?  You want me to go to Mexico, and drink this Railroad Gin shit you're talking about?  I don't even know what Railroad Gin is.  You make it sound like DMT."
"Well, no.  It's not like DMT.  I'd say it's more like...            what am I saying? It's yours.  If I give you any sort of thought of what it might be, it won't be yours anymore.  Your reaction will just mimic whatever I tell you.  I can't do that to you.  Go. Find your magic."
"You're just sending me on some crazy field trip?"
"No, it's more of a desert trip.  You'll understand when you get there.  Go sit with Jack in Sproul Plaza.  He should be drawing caricatures of the tourists.  I'll send someone with Railroad Gin for each of you.  You'll recognize him."
"And I'm actually going to just do this.  Aren't I?  I'm just that gullible dumb."
"Well, fuck yes!  You're not a fucking spectator.  You've been squirming in your silly chair for a month, acting like I'm some kind of Guru. Well, you're about to find out if I am.  Maybe I just have a sick sense of humor.  Maybe you're going to come back so twisted up you'll think you're Eleanor Rosevelt.  The hideous beast."  I grinned, and pictured Eleanor Rosevelt, bending over to hug an underpriveledged child.  The caption reads "The hideous beast"
"What's up, Jack."
"Hey, Dingus.  Where you coming from?"
"Why you still call me Dingus?  That's fucking stupid.  If you wanna give me a nick name, at least make it a real name."
"Dingus is a real name.  When did you become so picky about titles?  I thought you were all for abolishing the terms 'Mister' and 'sir' because they're just masturbatory power toys to make growed ups feel growed up."
"Yeah, well I wouldn't call them Dingus.  I'd call them something decent."
"Dingus is Decent."
"Listen to yourself.  'Dingus is Decent.'  You're ridiculous."
"So what you doin this weekend?"
"Goin to Mexico."
"Fuckin what?  Sick!  You need a road dog?"
"Shit yeah.  he's giving me enough Railroad Gin for the both of us.  It's gonna be a rite of passage."
"No fuckin way.  What the fuck does that mean?"
"I'm gonna go into the desert and drink Railroad Gin.  Find a spirit animal or some shit."
"You serious?  We kick so much fuckin ass!  And it's some spiritual quest?  Well, whatever your spirit animal is, I'll cook it special for you on your birthday."
"I knew I could count on you.  You sick fuck.  Some one once told me that my spirit animal is the raccoon."
"Raccoons are pretty sexy."
"Fuck yeah!"
"Hey, Dingus!  You're staring off into space!  You been huffing toilet cleaner again?"
"Oh, sorry Jack.  I was, um...  listening to our conversation backwards.  In my head."
"Man, listen to yourself!  You don't need to go fry your fuckin brain in Mexico.  You're already confused enough."
"No, I'll be confused enough once I'm so twisted I think the world seems reasonable and sane..."
"hey old timer, you know where the buds are? You got any pot?"
"Oh yes.  all sorts of it.  In that trash can."  He pointed as we walked past it.  Jack glanced in.  I grinned.  "All the way at the bottom, far left side."  I didn't get it at first, but as we passed it, I rolled his response around in my head, and decided it was a very complicated geometry joke. The trash can was a cylinder, so it didn't have a left side.  It only had an other side, or a far side, which is the side we weren't walking past.  I guess alot of things are like that.  We can only identify and label things insofaras they relate to us.  That's why the old guy was Grandpa, and not Son or Brother.  I'd like to call that man Son one day.  I'm not sure why.  It just seems like a haiku moment, to look at the guy, and say "You, sir, are my Son."  because I'm sure he'd get it.  He'd probably give me the eyebrows, and say "I may be your Son, Sir, but you, my dear, are my ex-wife."
"Watch out!  She'll get ya.  She's the one.  Don't cross yet!  She'll get ya.  Jay walking ticket."
"Oh, man!  Not my beer!  Where 'm I gonna get another beer?  If i can't drink it here, what the hell do I do?"
"Hey, Virginia!  You remember me?  You tried to arrest me the other day, but you decided not to.  How ya doin?"
"Not bad skuds.  You?"
"You are lookin great, today, Virginia..."
" 'scuse me, ma'am, do you have another cigarette?"
"How 'bout a joint?"
"I saw her.  She fucking exists!  I swear to god!  Please, tell my story.  I'm not just another stupid hallucinating story.  I see this girl.  And she leaves me messages.  Message written in Picasso's artwork.  See, she's dead, and she can control shit like that.  I'll explain how the code works that she uses, but you should probably add that as an appendix to the story.  You know?  How 'bout if you intersperse the whole story with side comments.  You know, like, I'll explain in chapter one how Van Gogh secretly admitted to being gay through his use of lighting in his dandylions pictures.  You know queers are obsessed with lighting.  Slant, and angle, and... what the fuck am I saying?"
"I should buy that, and give it to Moss.  That would be the sexiest thing in the fuckin universe."
"you just disappeaered that night."
"I kneed to get some sleep."
"Me too."
"Something's happening!"
"How can you tell?"
"We just killed One Woman."
"Something's happening."
"Hey, Cool"
"Be Cool Little Poem"
"That's it, doin good.  No, wait!"
"Awwww, you fucked it up."
"Fuck, man!  Don't you know what that does to me?"
"He got to you!  Damn it!!  Where were you last night??"
"That guy came.  The guy you sent.  He came and got me and Jack, and we went back and drank Railroad Gin in People's Park.  I woke up under Sather Bridge once, and than I woke up again at home."
"That wasn't Railroad Gin!  Margarite was supposed to give you the Railroad Gin!  She said you guys were gone when she showed up. That old coot is my arch-nemesis!"
"You have an arch-nemesis?"
"Oh, yes.  All the best gurus have one."
"Oh, so he's a rival guru?"
"He's a cheap little dancing monkey.  What did you see on his mutton-head milkshake?  Something dismally clever, I'm sure."
"Well, yeah.  I guess you could call it that.  There was something about the door to my skull, and one at a time characters walk in and tell me a story.  And this girl walked in, and just danced for a minute.  Or, wait, it was a memory of her dancing, but she was, like, taking me there, like to the actual memory, instead of just telling me about it.  And than it got into this whole Primordial, Woman as Savior kinda thing.  real wierd."
"That lousy caniving little prick.  You know what he does?  He watches from the bushes, and follows me, and swoops in when I've set up a disciple for enlightenment.  Tries to pull in a disciple for himself.  Shady little monkey fuck."
"Woah, disciple?  I wasn't taking this whole thing that seriously.  I'm just seeing what all the excitement is about."
"Well, you still don't know.  That was barely a wink.  The morning flutter of your eyelids, the moment when you can still decide to open them or keep them closed.  But your eyes are still closed.  You know what he fed you?"
"No."
"Texas Radio.  It's a Zonk Tea from the 70s, made from hayawaska tea, anita mascara, and salvia datura.  It's just a clever mixture of mind-blowers.  They call it Texas Radio, because that was the name of the radio show.  It used to be real popular.  This guy, Neil Barrows would drink about a Masonjar of that shit a night, and have an improv talk show with himself.  He had the NAME3e kind of trip, where he met a series of characters, and he would interview them.  Of course it was all him, but he wouldn't even realize that he was doing their voices.  It was brilliant. After 4 months, he went completely insane.  His final show, he interviewed a Norwegian fisherman with no teeth, and a shrieking laughter.  You can picture him in the studio, rocking back and forth, asking himself questions and shrieking in response.  Poor bastard.  Texas Radio is nothing but you talking to yourself.  Introducing yourself to your various personalities and goals.  The Grey Russian was one of your own faces.  One of your own voices.  Your existence as seen from one certain angle.  Moss was your vision of achieving your highest feminine counterpart.  And the little 3 foot guy in the orange suit who you decided to leave out of the story, he's your awkward gawky public face.  The zany tendencies you lean towards when the room gets awkwardly quiet.  But you feel silly about him, so you didn't mention him in your journal entry."
"What the fuck!  Did you get ahold of my journal?"
"I told you not to take a journal.  It solidified the trip too much.  Now, you're grasping at your doodles.  Jack showed me the journal.  That's how I knew to flick the back of your skull.  Your hallucenations were focused there, in your "skull door", and so you will still react psychadelically when the area is physically stimulated.  Like the way a masseuse tells you that you have pockets of bad energy.  You keep your right arm flexed all afternoon because you were with a buddy who always punches you.  In the NAME3e way, the back of your skull, your "skull door", is flexed, waiting for hallucenagenic impact."
"So, is that permanent?"
"Yup.  Have your girlfriend flick you there next time you're about to cum.  Be careful, though.  Your eyes might never uncross."
"Wow, I even get sex tips from my guru.  I'm back on your team.  So, where do I get me some Railroad Gin?"
"You have to wait 2 weeks.  Till your system is clear of the monkey piss that old bastard gave you."
"Well, that's perfect.  I'll be on turkey break."
"Fascinating.  I've never had a disciple embark on his first voyage with the added help of tryptophan."
"You think it'll be bad?"
"Nonsense.  Tryptophan will probably slow it down.  Make it seem a bit less real, a bit less drastic.  besides, you'll be in Mexico.  You probably won't be able to find any turkey.  you'll be lucky to find some Goat Head Stew where we're going.  So, wait 2 weeks.  Until than, avoid the old coot.  And tell Jack that he's invited."
"Hey, I got a phone number last night?"
"No, I got it this morning at a gas station.  You looked so comfortable, I didn't think you'd mind."
"You wrote some chick's phone number on my knee while I was asleep?"
"Yeah, I won' t lose it that way."
"What if I shower?"
"Hah!  What if you shower.  Good one.  You know what's more likely to happen?  It's more likely that you would break your kneecap by stepping out of the car while it was moving, and you'd break your knee so bad, that the numbers would get all jumbled up, and I wouldn't be able to figure out the right order."
"That was a little complicated."
"Well, I had to fully illustrate the unliklihood of you showering."
"You did so magnificently.  How far we from Barstow?"
"Maybe half an hour.  Pull out that Railroad Gin.  I think we'd better start getting into it."
"See what happens?  Well, get along little doggy."
"Get along little doggy."
"Did it work?"
"Shut up, Jack."
"Did it work?  It looked like it worked."
"Yeah, I guess it worked."  I sat back and rested on my hands, spread back behind me.  I looked up at the sun, and closed my eyes, feeling shadows that weren't really there.  "Now what?"
"I guess we just trip out."
"That's dumb.  They can't try and sell it like it's enlightenment, if the only thing that happens is you jump out of parked cars."
"Well, I hear Beatle's music."
"Yeah?  Well, I think that kinda explains my point.  'cause, what did the Beatles ever actually do?"
"They did everything."
"What do you mean, everything?  Don't be stupid.  They did music.  And they did it good,  and they did it for a long long time.  But they never got anywhere."
"What do you mean, they never got anywhere?  They got to the white album.  They arrived at rubber sole, and magical mystery tour.  They conjured revolver, and let it be, and yellow submarine, and..."
"No, you're missing the point.  What are those things, except really good albums?  Nothing.  They are just music being done right.  They don't tell you any secrets.  they don't give you any sort of higher truth.  They were just as confused and scared as the rest of us."
"Yeah.  So what?  So everyone is confused and scared.  So what?  You hadn't noticed that yet?"
"Of course I noticed it.  But everyone is promising the cure.  Everyone knows exactly what I need to do to be happy and fulfilled and saved and svelt and perky and perfect.  We're fucked.  Sorry Jack.  We're fucked."
"Speak for yourself.  I've almost got it.  Don't you ever get that feeling where, you're just a fuckin inch away from it?  Not quite sure what it is that you're so near, but it's about to be revealed?  I constantly feel like I'm about to figure it all out."
"Constantly?"
"Well, no.  There are also the times when I acknowledge doom.  Embrace it, even.  Wallow in it.  But my cure is to create."
"That's not a cure.  That's a distraction."
"Bull shit.  You can't even prove there's a problem to begin with.  Maybe you're just crawling into the corner of your mind and finding a reason to cry yourself to sleep.  Maybe you just need to take pen to paper and let all your stupidity and pent up spoiled brat-ness spill out and gush across the pages.  Here."  He threw a notebook and pen out the car into my lap.  I looked down at it, and grinned.  "Just fucking create.  If you keep all that shit dancing around in your head, you'll flip the fuck out.  You gotta release it in poems and doodles, like a pressure valve.  Create."
"  I screamed at the guy.  He looked at me with a sort of grossed out 'what-the-fuck' expression on his plastic face.  I didn't feel awkward or sorry, but I figured he wouldn't spin the wheel unless I acted it. "sorry for yelling.  I get excited sometimes.  Here, for your troubles.  I slipped a nickel into the pocket of his stupid red vest.  "NOW SPIN THE FUCKING WHEEL!!"
"There's this thing called Nanowrimo.  That's short for national novel writing month.  November.  You have to write a 50,000 word story in a month. November."
"There's this thing called Nanowrimo that I'm trying to do.  50,000 words in a month.  It's only based on word count, so the quality may be lacking."
"There's this thing called Nanowrimo that makes me repeat myself, so that I can reach my word count, so the quality may be lacking."
"There's this thing called nanowrimo, and I repeat things, but I know how many times to repeat myself now, because I did the math."
"To finish the Nanowrimo challenge, you have to write 1,666        words a day all through November."
"To finish the Nanowrimo challenge, you have to abandon hope at the dawn of the first of November."
"To finish the Nanowrimo challenge, you have to sacrafice a rooster at midnight every night, all through November."
"To finish the Nanowrimo challenge, you have to die a little bit.  Just a little bit.  Every day.  all through November."
"To finish the Nanowrimo challenge, you have to forget the day.  Forget the month. Every moment all through November."
"To finish the Nanowrimo challenge, you have to love the hatred and hate the lovered al all costs    all through November."
"To finish the Nanowrimo challenge, you have to isolate the conundrum of existence and taunt it constantly   constantly all through November."
"To finish the Nanowrimo challenge, you have to conjur the voices that tickle dreams from your ears each night nightly all through November."
"To finish the Nanowrimo challenge, you have to finish the Nanowrimo challenge.  In order to finish.  The Eleanor month. of ever November."
"You like wine?"  curiouser and curiouser.  I did like wine, and I told him so.  "I've got lots, of wine."  He said.  The way he made it sound, spoken slow, almost elegant, made it seem perfectly reasonable, that I, a fresh high school graduate, should accompany this strange middle aged drawler to his home and drink his wine.  He made it seem perfectly reasonable, so I got off at his stop, and joined him.  He wasn't talking.  At all.  I didn't particularly mind, though.  I had nothing to say to him anyways.  I just blindly followed him up the grey street, across the hissing grates and between two piles of stench.  I couldn't tell if they were people or trash piles or dirty laundry or ...  I didn't look at them.  I just grabbed Bukowski's cuff, and let him pull me along.  He led me down some stairs to a little room with a tiny little window.  Like a basement or a prison cell would have.  And there's this typewriter on a stand, which is the first thing he goes for.  He glances down at the words, and begins to mumble them to himself.  "I remember telling my father 'I'll fucking kill you!'  I wonder if I ever did."  over and over. Over and over, as he walked into the kitchen and came back with a bottle of wine and one glass.  He poured the glass an inch from the rim, "...I wonder if I ever did..."  He handed it to me absently, staring down sideways at a stack of books, obviously not seeing them.  "...I remember telling my father..."  I began to sip on my glass, and he began to take deep hungry slugs from the bottle.  "I'll fucking Kill You!"  What a strange man.  His stomach bulged out.  As he was drinking and mumbling, he'd been shedding his clothes, and he had gotten down to some khaki shorts and a sleeveless stained undershirt.   "Went through with it!  Is that it?  Does that work?"  He was looking at me hopefully. Expectantly.  "Does that work?  I remember telling my father, "I'll fucking kill you!"  I wonder if I ever went through with it."  Does it work?"  I wasn't sure what to say.  I didn't know what he was talking about, and he ought to know whether or not he killed his father.  That seems like a fairly important part of your life.  You're not just going to forget that.  But I didn't want to tell him that it sounded silly and angry for no reason, so I told him that it sounded nice.  That stopped him.  His eyebrows sunk like a battleship.  He looked at me differently now. "Let's fuck."  So we did.  And it was exactly how you'd expect it.  It doesn't even matter what you'd expect.  it just was.  and that was about it.  I think the problem is he puts all his sex energy into his poems.  'cause sometimes, his words will make me cream, and I won't even realize the strange tortured face the words are crawling out of.  Sex is worship.  He has dark worship.  He has dark words that worship gutter madness and the tears of a prostitute, whatever that means.  That's what he wrote on the condom wrapper.  And he slipped it into my purse before I left. One of the girls found it, actually, digging around in my purse for a tampon.  "What the hell is this?"  She held up the wrapper, pinched between extended nails, so it wasn't even touching her finger tips.  How dainty.  "Did you have sex with the coach again?"
"No.  I told you, that never happened!"
"Now where did I put that book?  More importantly, where did I put that burning cigarette?"
"  He gurgled.  "
"canned mannequin jams.  I hate canned mannequin jams."
"Yeah, makes you feel slutty."
"Exactly.  I'm worth fuckin more than that!  Not more money.  I'm worth more than money!  Goddamit!"
"Hey, don't tell me, Jake.  I'm here with you...  In the fucking park...    Fuck you Jake."
"Thanks Eddie.  Here, I think I found it.  This feels fuckin real.  I met him!  I met the author!"  Jake handed Eddie a scrappy hard cover book titled "Scratch"
"Scratch, by Theo James.  I've heard of this.  It's all one sentence, right?"
"Yup.  He's trying to reflect evolutionary...  here, read the sleeve."
"I wrote scratch to demonstrate natural punctuation.   The sentence structure and punctuation traditions are tired and ancient.  Words punctuate themselves as they always have.  Punctuation is humanity's attempt to have control of something.  The book reads itself.  The reader pauses when need be. The reader puts the book down when need be.  Attempting to suggest when and how the reader ought to take in and experience these words is the author's desperate attempt to have only 1 message in the piece, but a true piece is written with strands of DNA, and carries in it a thousand messages that will become apparant as different readers pause at different points, and put the book down for different reasons.  Punctuation is simply the stupid claim that you know what's going on.  The author is the least aware of what's actually going on in a book."
"here, try a random excerpt.  That's part of how it's meant to be experienced.  random patterns becoming a personal landscape for the reader.  you know?  Like, the self is the least aware of the self, therefore it can only be identified when the human mind finds its own meaning in randomness.  Here, just flip to a page."
"Almost There."
"Scratch"
"So what exactly is it about Scratch that encouraged you to become Drunk Fish, the wandering bayou band?"
"Well, by remaining transitory we keep ourselves constantly re-adjusting to a new setting, thereby perpetuating the experience of evolution."
"Are you demonstrating something for the world that you might be remembered as keepers of a certain truth?"
"We don't wanna be remembered."
"Well, just by saying that you become memorable."
"Yeah, that's why we say it.  We live the dramatic play out of Theodore James's ideals.  We are the act of evolution, in that we remain displaced so as to constantly "find our bearings" evolve to fit our surroundings."
"But you don't change."
"Not in noticeable ways, no.  We don't take on superficial styles and modes of expression so as to appear integrated, rather we adjust our interpretation of our role as outsider, based on how the realm responds to the various types of outsider, and how and when and where the outsider is allowed to exist."
"This is all very interesting."
"Ode To Mine Self in The Time of My Death"
"Still Life"
"I"
"One day you will watch it all fall away, and you will be left with only that which truly is."
"Not true til proven true." He'd say, "And you prove it true every day."
"post-poned!"
"I been there!"
"sapphire shining" or "the well my soul flounder in."
"blue" or the semi-formal, "nice."
"starry" or "Bright"
"Wrong"
"wrong"
"The Way Things Are" and "Proper"
"Get off the shitter"
"It's happening again!! It's happening again!! "
"Coming of Age Novellas"
"When Now, the Med Eulogy."
"Well aren't you a shiny fuckin grey piece of shit! I'll bet you open your shit up and fuckin scream up and down that goddamn fuckin piece a shit freeway! Goddammit Break your fuckin teeth your mom was a whore!"
"I went to a party..."
"Why the fuck were you at a party?"
"And they beat you merciless?"
"Woke up in a puddle of my own blood."
"So why the hell did you go?"
"Eh? Eh??"
"Fuck!"
"Fuck"
"Fuck."
"Such a poetic lecher"
"He'd oogle the asses while erecting his poetry."
"A good one."
"perhaps he really has it."
"How To Surrender To The Rock", and "Living Tween The Rock and A Hard Place", and "Rock, The Pamphlet"
"Whatever, oh well."
"What makes one piece pointed and purposeful and another pointless and petty?"
"You take what's in front of you or you get nothing."
"antique books"
"Consistency is not as important as the energy of a story."
"If we stop moving now we may never move again!"
"Come dance, Jack! Dance to your youth, and MY Beauty! Dance for it is the spring of our lives and we shall not be trod on by winners filling us losers with their discontent."
"You'll never make it if all you do is try! DO!"
"DO!"
"I'd end up like you!"
"You are different people one moment to the next."
"You're a nudist!"
"He's right! The janitors get paid more than me at the place I'm working."
" TRAUMANOMICS "
"Didja get that?"
"Did it make sense?! Did it make sense?!"
" As they gushed out clacking and stomping, he remembered to call out "DONT FORGET THE HOMEWORK! TWO PAGES ON WHAT CLOTHES DO TO THEIR OCCUPANTS."
"in our element"
"this way to all your fears"
"I'm not worthy"
"Clever"
"Years of Practice."
"How's the old sudden pause than burst foreward technique woroking for ya?"
"Oh, that's aweful!"
"Not bad, my ears are still ringing though."
"Understandably."
"Why don't we kill the farmer?"
"Perhaps for one such as you this is possible, Sonya."
"But as for the rest of us, it is not in us to do such a thing."
"WHy?"
"Where do we go>:"
"Than what?"
"yes, this is how I chose to end up dying, I always knew it would be like this."
"Father!!"
"Why have you forsaken me?!!?"
"Daddy! I'm so young!! I'm not ready to be alone!! What shall I do? What reparations have you made that I might live in your memory and not be cast out to stumble lonely and broken along life's ruthless roads?"
"If you're quite finished, mister pewterschmidt, I'll get on with the proceedings."
"Perhaps."
"The entire Pewterschmidt fortune will be transferred to Bierbach under the condition that James Pewterschmidt continues to receive the stipend allowance and access to what goods and services he has always had access to under the care of his father."
"Sir,"
"That's only if I die before you, right uncle alfie?"
"Oh, I suppose."
"Dinner's ready!!"
"I hear ACDC is really the front for a private club of Freemasons who have solved the question of how to extract electricity from water."
"Didn't you know, Elvis got kicked out once they found out he was on them pills?"
"Boys! Get in! It's gettin cold!"
"I'd say that makes a lot of sense Leroy."
"AaaaaiiieeeeE!!!!!!! Satan!!! You've come! Its the other side!! I'm not ready!!! Where is my father?!!? You've come for Alfie! Not for me! He's in the passenger seat!! I"M TOO YOUNG!!!"
"Any man caught impersonating the devil will be kept in a heated cell and poked with pitch forks for ten thousand years or until dead, whichever comes first."
"Turtle wax?"
"Now who the hell is this Alfie? Have you checked on him? Or were you too busy pissing yourself to care?"
"Get Behind me Satan!! You have no dominion over my soul for I have been a good and charitable christian!!!"
"So you know what Satan's eyes look like, eh?"
"Of course I can stand up!"
"I wasn't there for the riot."
"ppptthhhh."
"ppptthhhhh."
"He's coming to!"
"Thank goodness."
"tap the heat plate! Reach us oh long dead spirit! Send us a message! Send it by tapping Morse code with you cold spirit finger from the other side!! The heat plate will translate it into Morse code for us, and we will know what you are trying to say!!!"
"IT's HAPPENED!! They're TALKING!!! There's someone THERE!!! On the OTHER SIDE!!!"
"I was by the food shack on the other side of the pools, by the tennis courts! I was just kinda saying quietly, not yelling, just kinda saying "
"You know what got me through?!"
"If I had to guess I'd say it was you're incessant denial of guilt and hope to one day prove your innocence."
"Well aint you the charming psychoanalyst."
"You did have a gift for swaggering through the hallways and keeping the new guys in check."
"Perched in a tree if I remember correctly."
"Yeah, trying my best to warn the crowd of impending chaos."
"Impending?! What made you feel responsible to save the lemmings who had followed each other into a furnace? Who would perch at the gates of hell an holler at the self imposed damned? Who would think it normal to compromise the self in order to save the self destructive?"
"Yeah, the wise guy who showed up just months after we were booked."
"Back to Africa?"
"You real think all your gibberish is going to make you feel better?"
"Yup, it's always been this vacant, although when i was you ng it was dirt."
"He said all that?"
"So do I ned."
"Greetings fellow travelers."
"You been walking since than?"
"Wow! 40 years? That's immense! You must have been some gangsters back in the day."
"Do you guys have any buried treasure?"
"Hang on, we're getting a message from the other side."
"other side"
"It's the ghost's name!! HE gave us his NAME!!!"
"He says "Hello boys, it's me, Pewterschmidt! Hello Pewterschmidt!  Glad to finally meet you!"
"Old Pewtie..."
"You know the ghost??!?! Are you our marching orders?!?!?"
"They know the ghost?"
"Yes boys, we know the ghost."
"He owned the factory we burned down."
"I was innocent!"
"You were guilty of self sabotage, and that is all anyone is guilty of."
"Where's the treasure?!?!"
"We know there's buried money somewhere! Where is it?!?!"
"We don't have any treasure, you goof!"
"Well what about Pewterschmidt?"
"Ask him!"
"It means he'd rather burn in purgatory for all eternity than share treasure he can no longer spend."
"But what if he disappears after we've finished his business?"
"You're here 'cause I'm asleep Pewtie."
"You are not wrong Alfie, if I wanted a reunion I'd visit Charlotte."
"Get to the point Pewtie! You always were long winded."
"You dare bring up my only wish? You dare mock me with the only hop[e I ever held aside from keeping Charlotte as one to love? My purity? My purification? You dare?!"
"Whats the matter ghost? You got all quiet! You got all stuttery! what's the matter?"
"I'm also sure it was full of heavy truths and constant reminders that life is made of both growth and decay, both blossoms and death."
"ALRIGHT!!! ENOUGH!!! NOT ANOTHER WORD OR YOU"RE ALL GOING TO JAIL!!"
"Alright Jack, what did you get from the Felons and the Rednecks?"
"He said he got in an accident, and people think he's the devil."
"You don't get horns from an accident."
"So we got old timer, creep, wierdo, rednecks and felons."
"And a ghost."
"Keep the peace."
"Rough."
"So why does the ghost want the felons here?"
"I didn't interview the ghost! what you think I'm trying to encourage these maniacs?"
"Arrest the felons, take the rich old guy to the hospital, and lecture the rednecks and abandon the guy with horns."
"What about the creep?"
"Does the old timer get a say?"
"suddenly."
"I was not assaulting or attacking the old bASTARD!"
"So there is treasure!"
"What is it, and how do we convince the ghost to talk?"
"WAIT! IT"S CLICKING!!"
"Uncle Alfie"
"You're not supposed to be a cop Jack."
"I'm in Big Sur!"
"Eeeeey, Willy! Hop in!"
"I wonder if his partner is coming back."
"Yeah, let's finish breakfast first."
"I'm HOME!!"
"You little prick!, or "This is my land!"
"are we running away babe?"
"It says its off coast ridge, but I'm not sure if its the one in carmel or lucia."
"Those are fifty miles apart! How can you not know?"
"arite, what are the friggin clues?"
"He said he was coming downhill from the mountain."
"Lets just go back up and look for the beech tree with the bicycle in it."
"I agree."
"It's dirt! I'm not sure the corolla can take it."
"Corollas can take anything you dish out."
"Don't you dare baby this piece of shit."
"I can't fuckin believe it!"
"It's real!! I half expected this whole thing to be a ruse so that you could murder us and steal the car!"
"I was arrested for protesting the unfair treatment of workers, and suddenly you think I'm a mass murdering psycho?"
"What now?"
"So it's treasure that's just laying out like food on a table?"
"Aww, don't get all cryptic on us now Chuck! You can't expect us to follow you into the chaotic nonsense of this wilderness without really knowing what we're at least going for, much less getting into."
"Holy Fuckin Shit."
"Frankie!! We got VISITORS!!"
"OH No! it's humans."
"But good news, it's friends!"
"now how in the fuck did they find us?!"
"WILSON! PAPA CHARLES!! WELCOME!! YOU"
"That's Frankie!"
"He says you're a billionaire if you will only come with us and meet your dying father."
"I'm done!" panted James' "
"What kind of ice cream do you have?"
"Well why don't you charitize me mon frer! Let's go to the ice cream!!"
"We can also order pizza and paper view."
"I need you to protect the sanctity of my family name and do the right thing and off my brother Stefan"
"halzoom gabaroom?" The ghost said it meant "
"It will be when we're done with it."
"Kill The Narrator" or "Damn Thee Posieden!"
"You abandoned my mother and now you send a ghost to summon me that you might die in comfort of having met your offspring?! ."
"Well I hope you brought a paternity test, because I'm not the type to sign over my entire estate of 5.89 billion dollars worth of holdings and blah blah and blah blah and..."
"Matilda's waiting for me, and I can't ask her to quit her life and come move to the wilderness to live like lord of the flies with us."
"Yeah, that to."
"BEGONE SPIRIT!!"
"I have no use for your presence or inputs! Why do you wish to haunt me?"
""
"Thank you NAME3."
"So how' did you find out about this whole gig?"
"laundering money"
"Not even your own self pleasure attentions?"
"Gah!"
"I think it's the cop from the crash scene."
"What the hell is he doing here?"
"We did a damn sight better than him."
"Jass?!?! Did you implant me with a homing beacon? I thought for sure you had become too reckless and lost your bearings."
" and by the way, who's old wild eyes over there?"
"I came here to get Wilson.""
"But instead we picked up Papa Charles and went looking for treasure, which ended up being this place."
"My God, it's all just too fucking tidy."
"I don't know what."
"I CAME HERE NOT FOR YOU PITIABLE WRETCHES< I CAME FOR MY SON!!!"
"I did nothing!" "I was under the impression" "We don't know you!" "Prove you own this place!" "
" "I"M NOT GOING BACK!! NEVER!!" "
"Change IT!"
"This sucks! Change it BACK!"
"Jack!"
"Hey Jocko! It's your partner, Dan!"
"I don't know you."
"Nope."
"there's something wrong, Jack!"
"remember the drop at the end?" and "that first spiral really got me seeing funny." and "
"Yeah, Jack! You remember!! What do you remember?!?! Do you remember what those maniacs did to you? Do you remember if they really were satan worshipers? What about the Cult leader, Dark Charles?"
"Your name is Dan?"
"Will you let me out Dan?"
"I don't like being locked up."
"Alright Jack! Let's do this!!! I bring up memories and you try to link it to others?"
"No, we gotta start with where I am."
"IT"S ROCKY!!"
"My gallop, Wilson, what is in you today?!"
"You have not been able to relax ever since your Big Sur drive."
"Look at it! Look at the television!"
" It's my RX &! It's Rocky!"
"What in God's name are they doing filming your accident, Wilson? Why is your car on television?!?!"
"There are places, practically every place but here! Where they are fearful and shun their dead! You see how the strangers come and wail?"
"Dad, do you find emotions to be a curse?"
""
"Jack!! Be Careful!~! "
"I'm Fuckin Jack! I'm NOT Fuckin CAREful! You Just SAID that!"
"I wasn't talkin about YOU Jack! I was just talking about how humans tend to make their own luck!!"
"Well than you'd better wish me someone else's luck!"
"Well, he'll be easier to track in the morning than."
"Why is uncle Jack all bonkers like that sometimes?"
"I was always graceful, and I was kinda hard on him for natural clumsiness, and I guess I mighta convinced him."
"Can we unconvinced him?"
"Well, WERE you talking about him?"
"But we can't fix him?"
"So you just found something that everyone ends up needing and invested?"
"I think I might go visit my tree if that's all right."
"Alright Pap, flicker the porch light when you want me to head home, and I'll head back."
"Hi there!"
"Hi."
"You live around here? I didn't see any other cars parked on the road."
"I live at the cemetery on the other side of the lake."
"Why do you live in a cemetery?"
"You had a bowser named greyhound? That's fascinating!"
"Was it chasing a cat?"
"No! A goat!! I knew you weren't listening."
"How could you possibly tell that? I'm just a silhouette! You don't even know me!!"
"You broke DOWN!"
"Oh, once you see my horrible facial scarring you'll never follow me anywhere." I was mildly shocked, but intrigued by both the audacity to suggest such a thing, and the confidence with which she asserted this suggestion."
"Whatchagot there Doll, a hoodlum? Or is it a haunt? I told you, only bring the live ones home."
"The name's Pa."
"Joe."
"That's a crappy name."
"Yeah, I had half assed parents."
"Did you jot down what we were talking about? He does it a lot."
"YOU're no mutant!"
"Drink? We gots Ginger Ale and fine bourbon."
"Sounds magnificent sir! Put them both in the NAME3e glass, if you wouldn't mind."
"What YOU readin?" I asked, still perusing the 4th shelf, which was mainly americana and English Romantics and various other "
"Welcome to city sign should have a Post Master General's warning ; unfit for human consumption."
"Have you heard of the Simpsons?"
"I can believe that."
"Just enough to ruin my life."
"That's my boy! So How'd you end up wandering this far out into nowhere? Lookin to lose the ten thousand teachers?"
"So where does that leave you?"
"I found a body!"
"I thought you might."
"Up there on the Ridge! Looks to have been there at least a decade, maybe two."
"Gaaad! Dolores! You been up there and seen that body?"
"Course I have Uncle Jack! I'm the only one small enough to wriggle thru the frenchbroom and manzanita, and I left it as such so as to give that poor body his privacy!"
"Now Dolly, are you tellin me you been visiting a dead body?"
"Now, you're a sensitive girl, and I suppose I may have done you a disservice raising you out here among the corpses and crickets."
"Could you read his story?"
"Thanks dad."
"I got his skull!"
"I'm bringin it in for analysis to the museum, see what they can tell me."
"Jack! There's a shotgun blast thru the skull!! Why would you take that?!?!"
"Yer SICK Jack."
"'course! The world is dangerously short on exposure to literal occurrence in the form of primal immersion."
"I take it you been to college."
"Only creative writing? "
"I think I see the exit wound."
"You really wanna dig this unburied guy up, dontcha?"
"Yeah, I'm quoting myself."
"You serious? You have a security deposit box full of your old manuscripts?"
"Aint nothin ended! It started all THIS nonsense!"
"A dozen, huh? lotta disappearances around here?"
"I'll try not."
"My skull is gone!"
"Nah! That's the one that's MISSING!!"
"SHADDUP!"
"Don't we all."
"Ah, you don't even know where those are."
"Yeah I do! Labrea!"
"NOTHIN!"
"Even his BONES are gone now!!"
"Yeeeah, just stop me if it gets weird."
"Is that what that is? I never knew it had become ushered into the American Medical Association's Big Black Dictionary."
"Is there a name for your condition, or is it just your name?"
"Is that a hobby of yours, or a sort of neurolinguistic twitch?"
"I don't see how that could ever be useful."
"You read books?"
"Yeah."
"You ever meet a writer?"
"What do you think they do?"
"I spose they dismantle words and sounds and thoughts and recombine them into unexpected revelations and resolutions and..."
"Was I talking?"
"No."
"You really feel about this, don't you?"
"Taint much," Frank replied, "
"'cause I'm full of shit."
"So call the book shit."
"Please! Tell me the story of Hurricane!"
"What do you do when you stop liking yourself?"
"You be someone else."
"And how does one do such a thing?"
"Kill yer narrator."
"When you kill the narrator, does another one show up?"
"Everytime." He replied, "
"Be more like the smoke and less like the fire."
"And while you're at it, explain to me why you decided to join me on my jaunt? Just lookin for company?"
"You steal something?"
"YES!"
"I've never stolen! I didn't mean to! I thought I was giving it back to someone, but there's no one to give it back to."
"Sounds to me like it's up for grabs."
"Relax."
"Relics?"
"I WAS RIGHT!!"
"Will you quit yer thinking?! If you didn't think you wouldn't have that thought, and than you might live a little better, a little longer, a little funner."
"You can't just stop your thoughts! It doesn't work like that! They continue! Even if I don't look at the words floating through my brain, they're still there, floating on past!"
"Well THATS the last thing I expected out of YOU! I almost expected you to hand me a bus ticket and tell me to heal elsewhere."
"Is he walkin the ridges?"
"The main point seems to be there is no rule, only exceptions."
"So is your writing style."
"Isn't there a Roger Waters album about that?"
"WHAT IN THE BLAZES!!"
"I saw God that time."
"Watchin the cream separate again? You think 'cause you spend all your time drifting in cream thoughts you're any better than the poor bleeding bastards you're floating on?! Just remember, the rest of the world is why you're floating."
"are we slaves to the cow, or is the cow a slave to us?" and "If cheese ferments in the forest and there is no one around to call it by any other name, is it not still cheese?"
"Greetings fellow human, my name is Peter."
"It was a cheese makers guild meeting."
"Will you help me than?"
"Well, now what should we do and I'll say, "Let's get a twelve pack of cheap beer and go to the ocean." And she'll ask, "Should we buy cigarettes too?"
"You're very sweet, but Im crazy and I will destroy you."
"Out to Lunch."
"Alight, get out and push"
"Son of a bitch!"
"Some one's going to have hell to pay."
"Jesus."
"Look at me!"
